I thank you for joining us this week as we observe Lent together here at Calvary and as we walk with Jesus in the time leading up to his death.
on the cross.
This past Sunday we spent time in Matthew 16 and we're in the city of Caesarea Philippi.
One of the interesting things about Caesarea Philippi is that it was a very pagan city. So Jesus took his disciples from where they were comfortable, from where their homes were, where they had been evangelizing and speaking to
Speaking to the crowds and healing and doing so many miracles.
And he took them north to a city that couldn't
You probably have cared less about Jesus.
There were temples to Greek gods. There were so many other things that were taking place that would have made people resistant to Jesus and what he was teaching because he was
Because people were trying to fulfill their desires in whatever way they saw it possible.
leaving no room for what Jesus had for them.
So as we think through Jesus asking his disciples what the people thought
Of who he was.
He's asking his followers and his friends, like, who do these people in this area think I am? They probably think I'm a nobody.
I'm just somebody from down south who's got a lot of people following him around and said some crazy things on mountains.
But his disciples knew the truth. So when he looked at Simon Peter and he says, "Who do you think I am?"
He was quick to declare that Jesus is the Messiah.
And when we think of Jesus as the Messiah, he's not just the Messiah for his disciples and those who had already started following him.
He's in this city filled with people who needed to hear about him. He is their Messiah as well if they choose to follow him and trust in him.
So the hope that I have in the the.
The great thing about hearing this message is that Jesus came for everybody.
Anybody who is willing to accept his free gift
Of love and put their trust in him
Can receive salvation
And he
is their Messiah.
He is our Messiah.
And we can proclaim that to everybody.
So this week, as you're going about your day, whatever you have planned, whatever God has planned for you, let's be reminded that Jesus is our Messiah. He is the God who saves us.
And he is the God who is still saving people, the God who loves you, and the God who wants to walk with you through this season of Lent and forward on in your journey with him.